I must fall, Lynn time boss Bolle wind chime chime, moss of ball, wind chime and merlin. 
Now technology makes it easy to express emotions while they are being formed. 
It supports an emotional style in which feelings are not fully experienced until they are communicated.  
What is not being cultivated here is the ability to be alone and reflect on one’s emotions in private.  Turn from an inner to an other-directed sense of self. 
Mood board for room and hackers, 
because make a shirt locally hated.
Making a home in cyberspace? 
I need to get that square earring and watch the nanny, or and watch all blue movies with my friends. 
Take a trip to see a server, I promise you that.
What is geography and the architecture of the internet? Mapping walled gardens, there is a cultural space rooted in web space.
I should note to experiment with overprinting, and the physicality of the internet? 
Sit on my interface!
Find research on P2P, deep web, synth, and iterations. 
POV I am on my way to haunt you!
mouchette.
The external shell of the chair is a glossy white plastic. 
I would estimate it to be special to you.
This mirror has a spherical structure. 
Lie detector that always lies.
Seinfeld criminal offenses are as follows, jerry- murder. kramer: second degree manslaughter, arson george: multiple counts of fraud.
This whole situation just feels really uncomfortable for me and i thought you’d understand that.
I don't think its a big deal but the whole thing could’ve been handled better. I don’t really need to talk about this anymore. 
I don’t think so whats up, worship at the video altar?
Love to see go hate.
Would calvin protect me pulling slime out of my pocket?
Try to sample how it’s made theme,
yellow and black for the book. yellow 
What’s your five year plan?
HYPERLINK blush red, not x not y and not z doublee and buddy system 
(a) belonging to the emperor, (b) embalmed, (c) tame, (d) sucking pigs, (e) sirens, (f) fabulous, (g) stray dogs, (h) included in the present classification, (i) frenzied, (j) innumerable, (k) drawn with a very fine camelhair brush, (l) et cetera, (m) having just broken the water pitcher, (n) that from a long way off look like flies.
breakpoints of my daily routine timeline.
The alarms section of ur phone is the most telling of ur personality.
It be that way on this bitch of an earth.
and then i freaked it! 
I got my third eye on the prize
ye haw
Eat my shorts, theres much to think about
god hates her, find out why don’t like it? become god.
Greetings from the nj transit bathroom
Ladies... did you know that.... ill pick and age when i’m gonna disappear and until then i can try again’

helvetica good bad, print is dead conspiracy theory.
1/20
I was back in jersey and trying on shirts and i bought one identical to the blue and striped one. 
Also i accidentally bought a football shirt at goodwill bins
  

1/18
college friends were visiting and mom was listening to the garden twins when we arrived.

Sydney was over and i told her to open the porch door so calvin could leave before we went to bed... obvi he left and then in the morning i freaked out and went to find him and he was on the edge of the bordering building just chilling and watching the street below.

Carol had a lottery ticket and said she won a small sum and i was like ooh let me see and i scratched off all the other ones to see what was there but accidental made it so she wouldn’t get the prize.

Robert Coover clearly and authoritatively described this phenomenon in his seminal essay The End of Books: “Print documents may be read in hyperspace, but hypertext does not translate into print”,26 and so the endlessly deep narrative space made possible by the hypertext seemed destined to supplant the finite, sequential and closed format of books, eventually making them altogether obsolete. 
According to Coover, the ‘superior’ form of the hypertext brings “true freedom from the tyranny of the line” – particularly so in the case of narrative-based 28 text. When the boundless cultural space of the ‘hypertextual’ global Web is finally opened up, will the printed page by comparison start to look like so much yellowed paper?

Laptop extension cord, go to feltville, sleep for 24 hrs, visit murder dinner, track suit, sleep in a bathtub.
research copyright
motorcycle 
drink mountain dew. carlos bakery Buzz hair and stay up for 24 hrs. flash dancers club in nyc
do the chair falling thing 
chill in a sensory deprivation tank

can’t focus and let things pile up. i want to drop out sometimes
0 91 100 0 cmyk red
random file names on the internet. download 

Calvin dropped a mouse in my room deal w this on ur own time.
can’t believe i got the elliot.technology url. feels like a dream.

I am going to get into resin this summer.

camelot: real or fake

Print is dead upload me to the cloud already

In one week i will b done with being forced 2 make books... i cant even describe the thrill i’m feeling rn.

had a dream it was my birthday omg it’s coming up.... may 18 mark ur calendars it’s gonna b so sad. it’s my 21st.

This will be the last time I go along this area of discussion for a while because it’s just going to get very old very quickly. But I wanted, in one place, a quick manifesto/rant about this position. So here we go.

FUCK THE CLOUD.

By the cloud, of course, I mean this idea that you have a local machine, a box running some OS, and a vital, distinct part of what you do and what you’re about or what you consider important to you is on other machines that you don’t run, don’t control, don’t buy, don’t administrate, and don’t really understand. These machines are connected via the internet, and if you have a company then these other machines are not machines run by your company, and if you’re a person they are giving it to you without you signing anything accompanied by cash or payment that says “and I mean it“.

Can I be clearer than that? It’s a sucker’s game. It’s a game suckers play. If you are playing it, you are a sucker.

It's like schrodingers cat and the trolley problem.
        You bet your ass we're all alike...
         we've been spoon-fed baby food at
school when we hungered for steak... the bits of meat that you did let slip
through were pre-chewed and tasteless. 
 We've been dominated by sadists, or
ignored by the apathetic.  
The few that had something to teach found us will-
ing pupils, but those few are like drops of water in the desert










